README.rst, before:

WireXfers [waɪə trænsfɜːz]
==========================

WireXfers is an online payments library, written in Python, supporting
various online payment protocols (IPizza, Solo/TUPAS) using a simple API.

This library is written by `Priit Laes`_ with support from procom.ee_,
Povi_ and ScienceMosaic_.

.. _Priit Laes: http://plaes.org
.. _procom.ee: http://procom.ee
.. _Povi: http://povi.ee
.. _ScienceMosaic: http://teadusmosaiik.ee

Features
--------

- Single API for different providers
- Supported protocols:

  * IPizza

    * Estonia:

        * Danske Bank
        * Krediidipank
        * LHV Bank
        * SEB Bank
        * SwedBank

  * Solo/TUPAS

    * Estonia:

        * Nordea Bank

Installation
------------

To install WireXfers, simply: ::

    $ pip install wirexfers

Or, if you absolutely must: ::

    $ easy_install wirexfers

But, you really shouldn't do that.

Usage example
-------------

Basic usage in pseudocode: ::

    # Create provider-specific keychain...
    keychain = PaymentProtocol.KeyChain(...)

    # ...and initialize the provider
    provider = PaymentProtocol(user, keychain, endpoint)

    # Creating the payment request
    payment = provider(payment_info, return_urls)

    # Parsing the payment response
    response = provider.parse_response(request.form)
    if response.successful:
        # do something
    else:
        # report failure

Commit message:

Add link to Flask demo

README.rst, after:

WireXfers [waɪə trænsfɜːz]
==========================

WireXfers is an online payments library, written in Python, supporting
various online payment protocols (IPizza, Solo/TUPAS) using a simple API,
making it easily integratable with various web frameworks (Flask_, ...).

.. _Flask: https://github.com/plaes/wirexfers-flask-demo

WireXfers is written by `Priit Laes`_ with support from procom.ee_, Povi_ and
ScienceMosaic_.

.. _Priit Laes: http://plaes.org
.. _procom.ee: http://procom.ee
.. _Povi: http://povi.ee
.. _ScienceMosaic: http://teadusmosaiik.ee

Features
--------

- Single API for different providers
- Supported protocols:

  * IPizza

    * Estonia:

        * Danske Bank
        * Krediidipank
        * LHV Bank
        * SEB Bank
        * SwedBank

  * Solo/TUPAS

    * Estonia:

        * Nordea Bank

Installation
------------

To install WireXfers, simply: ::

    $ pip install wirexfers

Or, if you absolutely must: ::

    $ easy_install wirexfers

But, you really shouldn't do that.

Usage example
-------------

Basic usage in pseudocode: ::

    # Create provider-specific keychain...
    keychain = PaymentProtocol.KeyChain(...)

    # ...and initialize the provider
    provider = PaymentProtocol(user, keychain, endpoint)

    # Creating the payment request
    payment = provider(payment_info, return_urls)

    # Parsing the payment response
    response = provider.parse_response(request.form)
    if response.successful:
        # do something
    else:
        # report failure
