docs/user/flask_quickstart.rst, before:

Flask Quickstart
================

This section should give you an introduction of integrating WireTransfers
into a `Flask <http://flask.pocoo.org>`_ application and therefore it
assumes that you have Flask installed.

It also expects that you already have the required credentials from one
of the supported banks. Test credentials can also be obtained from
`pangalink.net <http://pangalink.net>`_.

Minimal application
-------------------

It's probably easiest to start from the beginning, so we start by making
a simple barebones Flask application with required imports:

::

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    app = Flask(__name__)

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        return 'Hello!'

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        app.run(debug=True)

Just save it as ``testapp.py``. Just make sure it's not called ``flask.py``
or ``wiretransfers.py`` because it would break everything. Now try executing
it with your Python interpreter (please note that output on your machine
might be a bit different):

::

    $ python testapp.py
     * Running on http://127.0.0.1:5000/

Setting up the provider
-----------------------

First, we have to make sure that required interfaces are available in our
Flask application. Therefore we need to import
:class:`wiretransfers.providers.ProviderBase` and
:class:`wiretransfers.PaymentInfo`. It's also nice to have
:mod:`wiretransfers.utils` available.

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 2,3

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    from wiretransfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    from wiretransfers.providers import ProviderBase

    app = Flask(__name__)
    # [rest of our flask app]

Now we can load required private and public keys in order to set up
the provider. We also need to supply ``user`` and ``endpoint`` address:

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 5-7

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    from wiretransfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    from wiretransfers.providers import ProviderBase

    private_key = utils.load_key('../_keys_/private_key.pem')
    public_key = utils.load_key('../_keys_/public_key.pem')
    provider = ProviderBase('uuid217657', private_key, public_key, 'https://pangalink.net/banklink/008/ipizza')

    app = Flask(__name__)
    # [rest of our flask app]

Now our provider is configured and can be used to create a payment request.

Making the payment request
--------------------------

In order to make a payment, we first need to create payment information
by filling out relevant fields of :class:`~wiretransfers.PaymentInfo`:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 5

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        return 'Hello!'

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

Next we need to decide our return urls. Though we currently don't yet
handle the urls, we just need to provide them to make the payment request.
Therefore we utilize the Flask's :meth:`~Flask.url_for()` with
``_external=True`` argument to make the URLs absolute and set the ``return``
URL pointing to the ``index`` view:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 1,8

    from flask import Flask, render_template, url_for
    from wiretransfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        urls = {'return': url_for('index', _external=True)}
        return 'Hello!'

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

After everything has been set up, we can just call our previously initialized
``provider`` passing payment info and return urls as arguments in order to
create the payment request (:class:`~wiretransfers.PaymentRequest`) for us.
And finally we just pass it to the template renderer:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 7-8

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        urls = {'return': url_for('index', _external=True)}
        payment_request = provider(info)
        return render_template('form.html', payment=payment_request)

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

Now let's create a template under ``templates/form.html``. As we passed
the the ``payment_request`` into template context as ``payment`` variable,
we can now use :attr:`~wiretransfers.PaymentRequest.form`,
:attr:`~wiretransfers.PaymentRequest.info` and
:attr:`~wiretransfers.PaymentRequest.provider` fields to create a simple
HTML form:

.. code-block:: html+jinja

    <form method="POST" action="{{ payment.provider.endpoint }}">
    {% for item in payment.form -%}
        {% set name, value = item -%}
        <input name="{{ name }}" value="{{ value }}" type="hidden">
    {% endfor -%}
    <dl>
      <dt>Amount:</dt>
      <dd>{{ payment.info.amount }}</dd>
      <dt>Message:</dt>
      <dd>{{ payment.info.message }}</dd>
    </dl>
    <input type="submit">
    </form>


Handling the Payment response
-----------------------------

TODO!!!

Commit message:

So long WireTranfers, Hello WireXfers!

docs/user/flask_quickstart.rst, after:

Flask Quickstart
================

This section should give you an introduction of integrating WireXfers
into a `Flask <http://flask.pocoo.org>`_ application and therefore it
assumes that you have Flask installed.

It also expects that you already have the required credentials from one
of the supported banks. Test credentials can also be obtained from
`pangalink.net <http://pangalink.net>`_.

Minimal application
-------------------

It's probably easiest to start from the beginning, so we start by making
a simple barebones Flask application with required imports:

::

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    app = Flask(__name__)

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        return 'Hello!'

    if __name__ == '__main__':
        app.run(debug=True)

Just save it as ``testapp.py``. Just make sure it's not called ``flask.py``
or ``wirexfers.py`` because it would break everything. Now try executing
it with your Python interpreter (please note that output on your machine
might be a bit different):

::

    $ python testapp.py
     * Running on http://127.0.0.1:5000/

Setting up the provider
-----------------------

First, we have to make sure that required interfaces are available in our
Flask application. Therefore we need to import
:class:`wirexfers.providers.ProviderBase` and
:class:`wirexfers.PaymentInfo`. It's also nice to have
:mod:`wirexfers.utils` available.

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 2,3

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    from wirexfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    from wirexfers.providers import ProviderBase

    app = Flask(__name__)
    # [rest of our flask app]

Now we can load required private and public keys in order to set up
the provider. We also need to supply ``user`` and ``endpoint`` address:

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 5-7

    from flask import Flask, render_template
    from wirexfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    from wirexfers.providers import ProviderBase

    private_key = utils.load_key('../_keys_/private_key.pem')
    public_key = utils.load_key('../_keys_/public_key.pem')
    provider = ProviderBase('uuid217657', private_key, public_key, 'https://pangalink.net/banklink/008/ipizza')

    app = Flask(__name__)
    # [rest of our flask app]

Now our provider is configured and can be used to create a payment request.

Making the payment request
--------------------------

In order to make a payment, we first need to create payment information
by filling out relevant fields of :class:`~wirexfers.PaymentInfo`:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 5

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        return 'Hello!'

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

Next we need to decide our return urls. Though we currently don't yet
handle the urls, we just need to provide them to make the payment request.
Therefore we utilize the Flask's :meth:`~Flask.url_for()` with
``_external=True`` argument to make the URLs absolute and set the ``return``
URL pointing to the ``index`` view:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 1,8

    from flask import Flask, render_template, url_for
    from wirexfers import PaymentInfo, utils
    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        urls = {'return': url_for('index', _external=True)}
        return 'Hello!'

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

After everything has been set up, we can just call our previously initialized
``provider`` passing payment info and return urls as arguments in order to
create the payment request (:class:`~wirexfers.PaymentRequest`) for us.
And finally we just pass it to the template renderer:

.. code-block:: python
   :emphasize-lines: 7-8

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

    @app.route('/')
    def index():
        info = PaymentInfo('1.00', 'Test transfer', utils.ref_731('123'))
        urls = {'return': url_for('index', _external=True)}
        payment_request = provider(info)
        return render_template('form.html', payment=payment_request)

    # [ rest of our flask app ]

Now let's create a template under ``templates/form.html``. As we passed
the the ``payment_request`` into template context as ``payment`` variable,
we can now use :attr:`~wirexfers.PaymentRequest.form`,
:attr:`~wirexfers.PaymentRequest.info` and
:attr:`~wirexfers.PaymentRequest.provider` fields to create a simple
HTML form:

.. code-block:: html+jinja

    <form method="POST" action="{{ payment.provider.endpoint }}">
    {% for item in payment.form -%}
        {% set name, value = item -%}
        <input name="{{ name }}" value="{{ value }}" type="hidden">
    {% endfor -%}
    <dl>
      <dt>Amount:</dt>
      <dd>{{ payment.info.amount }}</dd>
      <dt>Message:</dt>
      <dd>{{ payment.info.message }}</dd>
    </dl>
    <input type="submit">
    </form>


Handling the Payment response
-----------------------------

TODO!!!
